---
title: Vue.js Glasgow meetup
date: 2019-03-30 17:30:00
excerpt: Development stuff and what it was like to organise the first Vue.js Glasgow meetup.
type: post
blog: true
tags:
  - blog
  - personal
  - movies
  - music
  - development
  - netflix
---

I haven't posted much this month as it has been super busy.

I spent quite a bit of time creating and organising a new Vue.js Glasgow meetup event, for developers who are interested in the Vue framework. We now have a [twitter account](http://twitter.com/vuejsglasgow), [instagram](http://instagram.com/vuejsglasgow), and a [meetup group](http://meetup.com/vueglasgow).

Organising the first event worked out quite well. I had some speakers volunteer to talk, my work provided the venue and pizza, and overall it ran quite smoothly. The only downside was having to limit the number of people due to venue size, I'm sure we could have had more people if we could fit them in!

I'm working on a very stressful project in work right now, and this combined with the event meant that on the day I was a giant stressball. I was pretty tense and nervous the whole day leading up to the event but once people started to arrive and talk to each other it eased off. Despite this, I'm glad to have done it, and I'm looking forward to organising the next one.

In other development news, I contributed to an open source project for the first time! Vue Vixens needed a redesigned [sponsors](https://vuevixens.org/sponsors) page pretty quickly, in order to display different tiered levels of sponsorship. It was fun to play around with, and didn't take me long to do, but it felt good to contribute. I hope to do more of this in the future.

I've been listening to this album by In This Moment quite a lot recently. It's actually my go to music for coding as well for some reason.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/alias452/playlist/4bKbbeklCeZNhVU757gdih" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>

<footer class="footer-section">
<p>

**Currently listening to:** A Star-Crossed Wasteland (album) by In This Moment

</p>
<p>

**Movie recommendation:** Captain Marvel

</p>
<p>

**What I'm watching:** The OA (Season 2 / Netflix)

</p>
<p>

**Book I'm currently reading:** The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss (81%)

</p>

</footer>
